TypoConverters
==================

This Plugins is a new system for converting the database of another blog in Typo
blog database.

This system is base on Mephisto converter. It's a plugin and he
use completly ActiveRecord. For retrieve the information on other blog and
post in typo.

In this converter, there an interface is write and
you can use it with anything Blog engine to create another adapter.

Now you can migrate from :
 * Wordpress 2.5
 * Dotclear 1.2.x
 * Dotclear 2.0.x (RC)

Migration for a Dotclear 1.2.x database
=======================================

To start the migration with dotclear 1, you need complete the
config/database.yml with a configuration with 'dc' key and all information on
where find the database with SQLDump of your blog engine. After this
configuration you can start the migration with the follow command line :

./script/runner 'TypoPlugins.convert_from :dotclear'

By default all articles migrated, but you can migrate only articles with
specifiques categories.

./script/runner "TypoPlugins.convert_from :dotclear, :categories => ['ruby', 'rails', 'dev']"

Migration for a WordPress 2.5.x database
=======================================

To start the migration with WordPress 2.5.x, you need complete the
config/database.yml with a configuration 'wp25' key and all informartion on
where find the database with SQLDump of your blog enfine. After this
configuration you can start the migration with the follow command line :

./script/runner 'TypoPlugins.convert_from :wp25'

By default the prefix's name is 'wp' but you can change it with option :prefix
like :

./script/runner "TypoPlugins.convert_from :wp25, :prefix => 'sunny'"

Migration for a Dotclear 2.0.x database
=======================================

To start the migration with dotclear 2, you need complete the
config/database.yml with a configuration with 'dc2' key and all information on
where find the database with SQLDump of your blog engine. After this
configuration you can start the migration with the follow command line :

./script/runner 'TypoPlugins.convert_from :dotclear_2'

By default all articles migrated, but you can migrate only articles with
specifiques categories.

./script/runner "TypoPlugins.convert_from :dotclear_2, :categories => ['ruby', 'rails', 'dev']"

By default the prefix's name is 'dc' but you can change it with option :prefix
like :

./script/runner "TypoPlugins.convert_from :dotclear_2, :prefix => 'sunny'"

This 2 options are too in same action :

./script/runner "TypoPlugins.convert_from :dotclear_2, :prefix => 'sunny', :categories => ['ruby', 'rails', 'dev']"
